Let them eat cake (Allow for them to study)|Invoke the call of duty(Convince them to stay on)|Officers are just free tutors, right? (Use officers as tutors)
Quash the rebellion and reinstate order (Reform team under old lead)|Force the bureaucracy on the new team (Force a reformation of team)|The Great Compromise of 20XX (Form compromise with old lead and team)
Implement the Google development philosophy(Work on seperate versions)|Force the greatest game design compromise of the century (Force sides to compromise)|Are you a dirty Commie or a stinky Capitalist? (Choose a side and force implementation)
Send a hero on their journey, a journey to the land of Workshops (Send to workshops)|We’re off to see the officer, the wonderful officer of design (Send to design officer)|My teams are wicked smaht. They’ll get it eventually. (Brainstorm as a team)
There are no empty seats at the Round Table. (Find a replacement team member)|Only the strong survive. (Exile the absent team member from the club)|Weeellllll……It wouldn’t hurt to give them another chance, right?(Give the member a break for now)
Can’t trust a zombie to stay dead. (Contact them)|Let the ashes blow away in the wind. (Let the team do what they want)|This is the new 52! (Create a new team to replace the old one)
“You are the new crown royal. Godspeed.” (Promote one of the team members to team lead)|Maybe the Ouija board will work? (Attempt to contact the team lead)|Twitch Plays Game Development. Anarchy is the only option. (Let them figure it out)
They have made their bed, and they must now lie in it. (Let them deal with the problem themselves)|Cheers love, the cavalry's here! (have officers check up on the writer)|“I’m not saying that it’s too long, but…” (try to convince them to shorten the script)
True art emerges from the struggle. (Allow them to try and figure it out by themselves)|Reinforcements will arrive in ten. (Have officers assist the artist)|It’s hard to believe, but sometimes there’s too much art. (Cut unnecessary artwork from the project)
Start writing mentorships with blackjack and hookers. (Use writers to assist other projects)|Let the creature commonly referred to as the writer transition into hibernation. (Tell them to focus on studies)|The first rule of writing workshops is that you don’t talk about writing workshops. (Attend writing workshop)
Assign them to Art Strike Team 6. 669 artists are already on the team. (Use artist to assist other projects)|L’art pour l’art. Ces omelettes sont super. Les fromages sont mes préférés. Rien ne vaut une omelette au fromage. (Tell them to focus on studies)|There was an art apprentice that attended a workshop. That apprentice’s name? Leonardo Da Vinci. (Attend art workshop)
You are a merciful god, thus you send your heralds. (Send officers to help them finish their game)|Tough luck. They gotta know how to live on the streets.. (Allow them to try and cobble something together on their own)|They will be smote with the mightiest lightning. (Punish them for not listening to the officers)
That’s just how the cookie crumbles. (Just maximize the number of people at each meeting)|You get a new member, you get a new member, you all get a new member! (Try and rearrange members so they have compatible schedules)|Something’s off, and it certainly ain’t my smartphone. (Someone must be lying about their schedule)